Wrote specs.md (#2)
Uni-Sopron/prog1-24t-beadando-dorinatirpak: specification.md

## Program specifikáció

*Mit fog csinálni a program? Milyen funkciói lesznek?*

**Progmram:** Book filtering application, Library system-like program

**How it works:**

> Based on a menu you can choose between "Admin mode", "Graph" and "Exit" options (1-3)

Reviewer: Add a "Reader" mode, where the user first selects one of the previously created reading lists (scan their storage directory for existing lists), or creates a new list.
Then in the menu:
- Print reading list
- Add book to list
- Remove book from list
- Delete list

A database (/databases) is obtained from a csv file; this is where the books are stored. 

The command line arguments are only responsible for making graphs, everything else can be handled from the menu. 

> The graphs can be plotted using command line arguments. Each bar will display a graph showing how many items are in a given category.

Reviewer: If they are set by command line arguments, the main menu should not have a "Graph" option. If a graph argument is given, show the graphs and exit, if not given, enter main menu.

For example:
"-g", "--genre": Draws a graph that shows how many books of each genre are in the database.
"-a", "--author"
"-pr", "--publisher"
"-g", "--genre"
"-l", "--language"

> "-pn" "--publication"

Reviewer: Add a `-r --reader name` option to specify a reading list, so the chart will only include books from that list.

Reviewer: Az, hogy 10, 100, vagy 1000 sora van a táblázatnak, az nem befolyásolja a program bonyolultságát. Nyilván 20-nál több lesz, tehát szükség van a szűrési, keresési műveletekre. Fejlesztés közbeni teszteléshez lehet érdemes használni egy kisebb fájlt, de az 1000 sorossal is működnie kell a véglegesnek.

Viszont az még kevés, hogy egy CSV-t tud beolvasni, megjeleníteni, szűrni, meg szerkeszteni a user. Valami funkcionalitás legyen még. Azért javasoltam, hogy legyen több felhasználó, akik saját listákat tudnak létrehozni, szerkeszteni. Meg úgy a diagramok is érdekesebbek lesznek.

Author: > Az, hogy 10, 100, vagy 1000 sora van a táblázatnak, az nem befolyásolja a program bonyolultságát.

Persze, tudom, de akkor teszteléshez inkább egy kisebb méretű adatbázissal fogok dolgozni. 
Módosítottam a specification.md-t a javaslataid alapján, remélem így már jó lesz! És köszönöm a segítséget!

(I won't go into detail about the rest, it's clear what each command line argument does.)

**Admin mode:**
- Add new book
- Delete book
- Edit book
- Filter books:

**Add new book:**
This option asks the user to enter the information for the book in sequence, from "Title" to "Publication". If the user enters nonsense, such as where the program expects an integer, but the user enters a string, and vice versa, the program will display "Enter valid input." message.

> - Delete book: Deletes the book and all its data (from "Title" to "Publication")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

**Delete book:**
Deletes the book and all its data (from "Title" to "Publication")

**Edit book:**

> At this choice, a menu will appear where the user have to select which data of the book they want to edit, e.g.: ("Author", "Page count", etc.) Once the data has been edited, the program will return to the "Edit book" menu where the user can continue editing the data until the user exits the menu.

Reviewer: > the book

Which book?

Both of these should start with a search step where the user can filter the book list, then select the one to edit/delete.

The "Edit book" menu contains the following options: 
0: Exit
1: Title 
2: Author
3: Price
4: Description 
5: Publisher
6: Page count
7: Genre
8: Language
9: Publication

In "Filter book" option the user can choose from the following options:
0: Exit
1: Title 
2: Author 
3: Price (In USD) 
4: Description  
5: Publisher 
5: Page count 
7: Genre
8: Language
9: Publication year 

**Description / Title:** The user can enter a word here and the program will list all the books with that word in their description or title.

**Price / Page count / Publication year:** Here the user has to specify a range and the program will return the title and price / page count or publication year of the books between the two values. E.g:
From: 10
To: 50

**Author:** List all books by a particular author. The full name of the author must be given here.

**Publisher:** List all books from the given publisher. As with the author, the full name of the publisher must be given here. 

**Genre:** Here, the user has to enter a word and the program will list all the books of the corresponding genre.

**Language:** Same as for the genre, but here the user has to enter a language.

> **The csv file contains incorrect data, which will be ignored by the program.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The csv file may contain invalid data, which will be ignored by the program.**
```
(Incorrect means factually untrue, which the program cannot check.)
